(OUI Docs) Update Form validation page (#986)
opensearch-project/oui: CHANGELOG.md

### 📝 Documentation

- Add dark prop toggles ([#910](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/910))

> - Form validation page updated ([#986](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/986))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove language from the form validation documentation that doesn't align with the updated guidelines ([#986](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/986))
```

Author: @AMoo-Miki thank you for suggestion
